https://mail.google.com/ gmail
https://mail.tutanota.com/ tutanota
https://mail.proton.me/ proton-mail
https://outlook.live.com/mail outlook
https://odysee.com/ odysee
https://inv.vern.cc/ youtube
https://https://beatbump.io/ youtube-music
https://fosstodon.org/ mastodon
https://beehaw.org/ beehaw
https://pixelfed.social/ pixelfed
https://github.com/ github
https://codeberg.org/ codeberg
https://app.element.io/ element
https://app.revolt.chat/ revolt
https://web.whatsapp.com/ whatsapp
https://outlook.office.com/ intec-correo
https://campusvirtual.intec.edu.do/ intec-aula-virtual
https://procesos.intec.edu.do/ intec-procesos
https://amazon.com/ amazon
https://mega.nz/ mega
https://drive.google.com/drive/my-drive google-drive
